WIP: PrintManagement Cmdlet Update (#2667)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/printmanagement/Add-Printer.md

```yaml
Type: UInt32
Parameter Sets: ap, port
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WorkflowPolicy

> Enables an administrator to associate a given printer with a specific Workflow application. This parameter does not allow the administrator to override device-app association that was made using device meta data service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables an administrator to associate a given printer with a specific Workflow application. This parameter does not allow the administrator to override the device-app association that was made using the device metadata service. 
```

```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
